# mumbai_flood_management

This project is aimed towards helping the victims stuck in the waterlogged areas of Mumbai during excessive rainfall. Being a highly populated city, it is adversely affected by this almost every year. Once the roads and the rail tracks are waterlogged, Mumbai comes to a standstill with thousands of people stuck in places far away from their homes without any possibilty of getting any form of transport to reach their homes safely. This forces them to stay at public places for an enitre night without any proper facilities. All this increases casualties and is a really dreadful experience for all the sufferers. Also, Mumbaikars are known for uniting to solve adverse situations like these and ours is a platform to bring them together and tackle this situation.

We will develop a web portal where people from both catoegories- 
   1. Vicitms: The ones stuck at places like railway stations and other public places seeking a shelter. They can also specify the number of people in their group(maybe friends,family members etc)
   2. Helpers: The ones willing to share their residence with the affected ones
will have to login and provide details.  The helpers will provide their resedential address, the number of people that they are willing to provide a stay and some other details that will help in awil good allocation later. Lets call these the help shelters. The victims will only have to notify that they are stuck and want a shelter, keeping their location tracking on. Then our platform will find all the help shelters within an accessible distance of the victims and allocate them the best one based on certain parameters decided by our algorithm. For eg:
1. Security issues: Suppose a help shelter belongs to a group of bachelors. Then allocation of an alone women to that shelter should not be done considering the security factor.
2. To prevent as far as possible the seperation of a victim group: eg: If a group of friends or family is stuck at a place then our algrithm will try to allocate the same shelter to all of them.
